hi everyone welcome back to the official
under the Christmas tree to quickly
YouTube channel
I'm Andy and today we're taking a look
at legs this is the VTech Kidizoom
SmartWatch and this is the watch here
this is designed specifically for
children and is suitable for ages 5
years plus now this is the color and
white but there's a variety of double
colors available if you don't want to
wait it's fairly late to hold is very
soft so it or not edited your best one
you've got on so to turn this on you
need to have it fully charged understand
on the back pull the sticker off and it
is small on switched at the bone just
liquid click it click on switch painless
on is very easy just simply sit on your
wrist like you would a normal wash and
adjust the tightness as you would like I
walked it on just so we can have a
proper look at the instructions and how
this works to turn it on you simply
press the home button out of sight and
you will see a comic on you can see the
date and time with us when you first
turn on so I've just set the day so you
just simply use your fingers to scroll
down to friend click bit and you press
the tip on you've done that and then you
do the same for the time at this point
you can tap the screen to have different
faces so I don't know you can see the
face of the watch if at green but if you
want to change the color of this you
just suck the teat of member and swipe
and you'll see as a minute there's pop
up to choose from there is bubble so
there's lots of different themes you can
choose to stay the analog clock face red
there's also if denture or plotter you
can choose instead of using an analog
and it is 24 different cases you can
choose with the digital or there is 25
different ones you can choose with
analog so this is the screen that you
will get when you've done that it is the
home screen and you can see all the
different options they have in it this
is our land clock so you can see it an
alarm obviously for yourself this is the
online with locks we can also set an
alarm for yourself moving on to the next
one is the camera where you can take
full or you can take a video recording
you can take a video recording of up to
a minute and you can take up to 900 for
which you can upload to the
USB cable which is included in the box
next up we have the voice recorder so
you can beat different voice recordings
of yourself and you can even say that I
sure a lot of you would like to there is
a games option and there are three
different games you can choose from
again if you just want to scratch the
process to the next options notice the
tiny Mouse you can set a timer if you're
doing something and maybe once on the
next screen there's some more options
for you and you've also got the clock
now as I mentioned before there's an
analog and digital saying that you can
use with up to bit when you would like
or you can change it so it has a
different color and finally you've got
the six this is where you can change
different things like if you've made a
mistake or the time or on the date you
can go back and change it in VR and if I
don't worry for is this day as the less
is for things if you see a mistake on
the time you can go back and change it
in there but some quick look at the
state ends with it you just simply take
your finger and wait what is it and you
can adjust the volume you can change the
brain if you just again to your finger
stroll over and if you want to adjust
the brilliancy just press add on the
cheek or we button to get back to the
homepage if you just have been placing
your home button at the site so just
like you have a quick look to see how
the camera works you simply press the
camera button on the other side of where
the phone button experts on the office
is safe so press the button and there
you have the camera here with it at this
point if you want to take a picture you
just simply press the shutter button at
the side and you can take your picture
but if you would like to switch over to
this video recorder up the top row
you'll see a little video recorder icon
you simply just place that and then you
start again press the shutter button
recording your videos really is very
easily by just placing the trash button
which is at the bottom after you have
taken your value or your fall so as I
mentioned before you can go online and
create your own fun plasmas album with
all your photos of all of your videos if
you like also remember you can have up
to 900 and floors and you can have up to
15 min of video but each video could all
record up to event so has everything you
need to do up at the V tape eight and
one tip is in SmartWatch and this is
really perfect for
and I 0 for silence we've under the
Christmas tree if you would like any
more information about the beat caduceo
SmartWatch we will put a state-by-state
guy how to use this on under Christmas
kwq other than that thanks a lot for
watching bye